DOCSP-48389 Connection Troubleshooting Revisions (#1068)
mongodb/docs-node: source/connect/connection-troubleshooting.txt

   with MongoDB or the driver, visit the following resources:

   - The :ref:`Issues & Help <node-issues-help>` page, which has
     information about how to report bugs, contribute to the driver, and 
     find more resources
   - The `MongoDB Community Forums <https://community.mongodb.com>`__ for
     questions, discussions, or general technical support

Connection Error
----------------

> If the driver cannot connect to the specified host, you may get an 

Reviewer: [Style Guide - may vs might](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/terminology/alphabetical-terms/#std-term-may)
```suggestion
If the driver cannot connect to the specified host, you might get a 
```

> If the driver cannot securely connect to the specified host, you may get an 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the driver cannot connect to the specified host, you may get an 
```

Reviewer 2: We throw this error regardless of authentication or TLS configuration

``MongoServerSelectionError``.

> The following sections describes actions you can take to potentially resolve the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sections describe actions you can take to potentially resolve the
```

   with MongoDB or the driver, visit the following resources:

   - The :ref:`Issues & Help <node-issues-help>` page, which has
     information about how to report bugs, contribute to the driver, and 
     find more resources
   - The `MongoDB Community Forums <https://community.mongodb.com>`__ for
     questions, discussions, or general technical support

> Server SSL Error

Author: This is a redone section; what do you think?

You can set the maximum number of connections by setting ``maxPoolSize``. To
resolve this error, you can decrease the number of maximum allowed connections
by setting the value of ``maxPoolSize``. Alternatively, you could increase the
file descriptor limit in your operating system. To learn more about how to set
``maxPoolSize``, see the API documentation for 

> `maxPoolSize <{+api+}//interfaces/MongoClientOptions.html#maxPoolSize>`__ .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`maxPoolSize <{+api+}/interfaces/MongoClientOptions.html#maxPoolSize>`__ .
```
